Unbreakable: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption by Laura Hillenbrand 

Overview: 4.5/5 One of the most well written books that I will ever read, Hillenbrand crafted Unbreakable and the story of Louis Zamperini into a highly engaging, and at times, inspiring read. 

Unbreakable ventured onto my reading radar due to its prominence as the #1 book on Amazon. While I had started it earlier and stopped midway through, when I got to the meat of the story (specifically, the point when Zamperini began to face the first of many challenges in his battle for survival), I finished the book at a speed that surprised me, reading through the chunks at a time. 

Hillenbrand's writing style - fluid, concise, yet informative and engaging - impressed me the most, even more so than the remarkable story which her words depicted. That's taking nothing away from Louis Zamperini, who managed to survive not only the "ordinary" dangers of World War II combat, but 40+ days on a raft floating dangerously into hostile enemy territory without a constant supply of food and water, as well as the brutally inhumane treatment from Japanese guards during his time as POW. Throughout all his troubles, Hillenbrand clearly conveyed the extraordinary qualities of perseverance, toughness and resourcefulness that Louis possessed that willed him to survival. 

I compare this book to 3 others that I have read during the year: War, by Sebastian Junger, River Town: Two Years on the Yangtze, and Undaunted Courage by Stephen Ambrose. All four books were incredibly enjoyable reads, combining intriguing story lines with great writing and research. Unbreakable did not have the raw and visceral feel of War and River Town, entirely understandable as both Junger and Hessler wrote first-hand accounts of their experiences. Unbreakable made me a fan of Laura Hillenbrand, making me want to seek out more of her work, for the sole purpose of reading her writing - the highest amount of praise a writer can receive in my eyes. 